shealth 

paper identified:

the issue of
synchronizing and having a real-time access to such data exacerbates the problem even more. Therefore,
a system that guarantees the integrity, accessibility, correctness and security of medical data in a highly
synchronized environment is crucial for governments to accurately project their future needs.

paper objective:

In this paper,
we present Smart-Health (SHealth), a blockchain-based health management system. In its crux, SHealth is a
private multi-layered blockchain integrated with a multi-tiered addressing scheme that defines the privileges
and permissions of entities in the system. Blockchain-based systems assure security, reliability, availability,
resistance against tampering and malicious attacks, seamless integration, and easy data management.
SHealth proposes a complete autonomy to its users.

methodology:

A smart contract is basically an executable script that
resides on top of the blockchain that will be executed only
when certain conditions are being met or if it has been
triggered by an external element. Hence, the smart
contract itself has its own address in the network. To execute
the smart contracts by triggering, nodes in the network issue
transactions addressed to those contracts directly. The
elegance of smart contracts is that they basically allow us
to write any logic in code while setting the conditions and
expected outcomes for that logic.
 
project findings:

. SHealth utilizes smart contracts which are scripts
that equip the system with fully automated and secured
management capabilities. Moreover, SHealth deploys the
PBFT consensus mechanism which is known to have low
overhead and requires less resources than other consensus
mechanisms.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

break glass

problem identified:

In emergency care, fast and efficient treatment is vital.Unfortunately, the complete EMR of a patient is often not available during an emergency situation to all
treatment teams. Cloud services emerge as a promising solution to this problem by allowing ubiquitous access to information.
However, EMR storage and sharing through clouds raise several concerns about security and privacy.
 
paper objective:
 
this protocol through which all treatment teams involved in the emergency care can securely decrypt relevant data from the patient’s
EMR and add new information about the patient’s status. Furthermore, our protocol ensures that treatment teams will only access
the patient’s EMR for the period during which the patient is under their care.it present a formal security analysis of our
protocol and some initial experimental results

methodology:

Break-glass is a term used to refer to security solutions that
provide access to information in emergency situations.
. The
protocol securely enables sharing of EMR among multiple
treatment teams through a cloud platform. The proposed solution adopts the concept of attribute-based encryption (ABE)
associated with policies defined for emergency situations.
Additionally, it adopts token authentication to grant and revoke access during the timeline of acute stroke treatment.


paper findings:

. The proposed scheme enables healthcare professionals
to decrypt a patient’s encrypted data by making use of timebased tokens that are issued during the emergency situation.
After the expiration of the tokens, the users are revoked and
can no longer access the patient’s data. The security of our
scheme is proven using both simulation-based security as well
as direct attacks on the protocol.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

data deduplication

problem identified:

Since network storage services achieve widespread adoption, security and performance issues are becoming primary
concerns, affecting the scalability of storage systems.However, the existing data auditing mechanism with deduplication cannot solve the problems such as high cost and
reliance on trusted third parties in traditional approaches, and it also faces the problem of repeated auditing of data shared by
multiple-tenant.

paper objective:

This paper proposes a blockchain-based deduplicatable data auditing mechanism.We first design a client-side data
deduplication scheme based on bilinear-pair techniques to reduce the burden on users and service providers. On this basis, we achieve a
trustworthy and efficient data auditing mechanism that helps to check data integrity by using both the blockchain technique and bilinear
pairing cryptosystem.. The blockchain system is used to record the behaviors of entities in both data outsourcing and auditing processes
so that the corresponding immutable records can be used to not only ensure the credibility of audit results but also help to monitor
unreliable third-party auditors.

methodology:

The system model of our scheme includes five kinds of
entities: the user, the network storage service provider (SP),
the TPA, the blockchain nodes, and the system manager. (blockchain-enabled deduplicatable data auditing
mechanism): The blockchain-enabled deduplicatable data
auditing mechanism consists of three algorithms (Setup,
Upload, CheckLog) and two interactive protocols (Dedup,
Audit).
{{. The TPA will validate if the proof is correct
and publish the audit results on the blockchain. The audit
results will be periodically checked by users to supervise
and exclude untrusted TPAs.}}

paper findings:

This paper proposes a blockchain-enabled deduplicatable
data auditing mechanism to improve the efficiency of the
network storage service and protect the users’ data.
we designed
a blockchain-based data audit mechanism to ensure the
integrity of outsourced data and avoid repeated audits by
multiple tenants. The blockchain technique is introduced to
record the data auditing log, thereby monitoring untrusted
TPA during the data auditing process.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
public auditing

problem findings:

Cloud storage enables applications to efficiently manage their remote data but facing the risk of 
being tampered with.
. One of the most critical challenges is how to verify the data integrity for data 
users in an untrustworthy environment provided by a cloud service provider (CSP). 

paper objective:
 This paper utilizes blockchain technique to develop a novel public auditing 
scheme for verifying data integrity in cloud storage. In the proposed scheme, different from the 
existing works that involve three participatory entities, only two predefined entities (i.e. data 
owner and cloud service provider) who may not trust each other are involved, and the third party 
auditor for data auditing is removed.
The objective of this paper is to apply the blockchain technique to public auditing for big data in cloud storage, in order to provide 
a better auditing service without any help of third party auditor. Specifically, we utilize the blockchain technique to improve the data 
security while reducing the overheads (computation and communication overheads) of the existing methods.

methodology:

, data owners store the lightweight verification 
tags on the blockchain and generate a proof by constructing the Merkle Hash Tree using the 
hashtags to reduce the overhead of computation and communication for integrity verification. 
Besides, this work is able to achieve 100% confidence of auditing theoretically, as the hashtag of 
each data block is utilized to build the Merkle Hash Tree for the data integrity verification.
we adopt the cryptography methods of blockchain to 
provide a better auditing service such that it can improve the security and reduce the overheads during the auditing process.

paper findings:

In the proposed scheme, 
the DO outsources its files to the cloud and stores the corresponding tags to the blockchain. Then the DO randomly selects another 
user in the blockchain network as a public auditor to audit its file using its public key.
With the proposed scheme, 
dishonest behaviors of CSP or DOs can be resisted by the blockchain during the auditing procedure. We have addressed the problem 
of achieving efficient data integrity verification in cloud storage by developing a novel public auditing scheme based on blockchain 
technique. We have shown that the proposed scheme can defend against malicious entities and the 51% attack in the blockchain 
network through security analysis.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

secret data sharing 

problem identified:

A personal health record (PHR) system 
permits patients to control and share data concerning their health conditions by particular peoples. 
In the case of an emergency, the patient is unable to approve the emergency staff access to the PHR. 
Furthermore, a history record management system of the patient’s PHR is required, which exhibits 
hugely private personal data (e.g., modification date, name of user, last health condition, etc.).

paper objective:

. In 
this paper, we suggest a healthcare management framework that employs blockchain technology to 
provide a tamper protection application by considering safe policies. These policies involve identifying extensible access control, auditing, and tamper resistance in an emergency scenario.
the proposed framework affords superior performance compared to 
the state-of-the-art healthcare systems concerning accessibility, privacy, emergency access control, 
and data auditing.

methodology:
we present the proposed emergency access control management system, which utilizes blockchain technology for preserving PHR data privacy. All the data 
on the blockchain network are shared between the nodes. We develop a system that generates a time-stamped log for all the transactions on the network without engaging a PHR 
owner or any third party utilizing the Hyperledger Composer-SDK and NodeJS.
All the activities are controlled with permissions and the smart contracts that affect data retrieval 
from the Ledger.

paper findings:

we utilized the smart contracts in blockchain technology to provide security 
policies that patients can manage the access rules of other participants in the healthcare 
system using the consortium strategy. Besides, our system affords the historian records 
for auditing that stores the history of transactions while patients are in an emergency. 
Moreover, they can trace the history of the records held by other participants (doctors) 
after recovery. We experienced our framework using the Hyperledger Composer playground to evaluate its performance of our framework.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

MODULES:

The proposed secure and collaborated health record sharing process is to implement using following phases,
Framework Creation
Health Record Storage
Set Access Privileges
Blockchain Creation
Collaborator Access
Emergency Access
Research Entity Access


MODULES DESCRIPTION:

Framework Creation 
The Framework Creation Module of Sec-Health establishes the fundamental infrastructure for the entire protocol. 
It involves the setup of a decentralized blockchain network. 
It provides a decentralized and distributed storage solution, allowing for encrypted health records to be securely stored. 
User registration is an integral part of this module, ensuring that each participant is uniquely identified within the system, paving the way for a secure and collaborative healthcare environment.


Health Record Storage 
The Health Record Storage Module focuses on the secure generation, encryption, and storage of health records. 
Collaborators, such as physicians and nurses, generate health records for patients. 
These records undergo encryption using the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), ensuring robust confidentiality. 
The encrypted records are then stored securely in the blockchain network. 
This module ensures the integrity and privacy of health records within the Sec-Health framework.


Health Record Storage 
The Health Record Storage Module focuses on the secure generation, encryption, and storage of health records. 
Collaborators, such as physicians and nurses, generate health records for patients. 
These records undergo encryption using the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), ensuring robust confidentiality. 
The encrypted records are then stored securely in the blockchain network. 
This module ensures the integrity and privacy of health records within the Sec-Health framework.


Blockchain Creation 
The Blockchain Creation Module is dedicated to the creation and management of the blockchain network within Sec-Health. 
It integrates a consensus mechanism to validate and record transactions securely. 
The authority attests to public data necessary for the system's operation, and this public data is securely stored in the blockchain. 
The consensus mechanism ensures that the blockchain is a trusted and decentralized ledger, providing a robust foundation for the secure and transparent management of health record metadata.


Collaborator Access 
The Collaborator Access Module facilitates authorized collaborators' access to health records. 
It involves the validation of cryptographic material possessed by collaborators and the secure decryption of health records based on access policies defined by patients. 
Controlled access mechanisms ensure that collaborators can only access records if they fulfill the specified access criteria. 
This module guarantees that authorized healthcare professionals can securely retrieve and contribute to patients' health records, maintaining a balance between accessibility and privacy.


Emergency Access 
The Emergency Access Module addresses the critical need for rapid and legitimate access to health records during emergency medical situations. 
It involves collaborative efforts between emergency servers, collaborators, and call center attendants. 
The module ensures swift coordination and validation processes, allowing designated collaborators to gain immediate access to essential health information. 
This feature is crucial for delivering timely and effective medical care during emergencies.


Research Entity Access 
The Research Entity Access Module enables research entities to access anonymized health records for research purposes. 
Patients provide consent for their records to be used in research studies. 
Anonymity preservation mechanisms maintain the privacy of both collaborators and patients. 
Research entities can securely access anonymized data through the blockchain, fostering collaboration between healthcare practitioners and researchers in a privacy-preserving manner.
